
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
cell* foreign_testsc_track_nset(scheme*, pointer)
field set general.asw_bearing_second_acoustic_freq_validity, 1 done
cell* foreign_testsc_track_nset(scheme*, pointer)
field set general.asw_bearing_second_acoustic_freq, 5436.900000 done
trackset.scm 3 
testsc_ivalue when integer is 10
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
cell* foreign_testsc_track_nset(scheme*, pointer)
field set general.asw_bearing_second_acoustic_freq_validity, 1 done
cell* foreign_testsc_track_nset(scheme*, pointer)
field set general.asw_bearing_second_acoustic_freq, 9 done
trackset.scm 3 
testsc_ivalue when integer is 10
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
cell* foreign_testsc_track_nset(scheme*, pointer)
field set general.asw_bearing_second_acoustic_freq_validity, 1 done
cell* foreign_testsc_track_nset(scheme*, pointer)
field set general.asw_bearing_second_acoustic_freq, 5345.875000 done
trackset.scm 3 
testsc_ivalue when integer is 10
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
cell* foreign_testsc_track_nset(scheme*, pointer)
field set general.asw_bearing_second_acoustic_freq_validity, 1 done
cell* foreign_testsc_track_nset(scheme*, pointer)
field set general.asw_bearing_second_acoustic_freq, 5345.875000 done
trackset.scm 3 
testsc_ivalue when integer is 10
testsc_ivalue when integer is 400
testsc_ivalue when integer is 400
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/init.scm
tetsc-load t:/ts/util.scm
